Update Irys docs to use the latest version of Irys's tooling (#738)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/developers/tooling/permanent-data/irys/irys-quickstart.mdx

description: Creating permanent data using Irys SDK.
---

> Irys makes it easy to store your data onchain by supporting payments with ETH on Linea. With a single upfront payment, you can upload data, with guaranteed retrieval for a duration you set at the upload time — from a few days to forever

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Irys makes it easy to store your data onchain by supporting payments with ETH on Linea. With a single upfront payment, you can upload data, with guaranteed retrieval for a duration you set at the upload time — from a few days to forever.
```

Install using npm:

```bash
npm install @irys/upload @irys/upload-ethereum
```

or yarn:

```bash
yarn add @irys/upload @irys/upload-ethereum
```

### Import 

```ts
import { Uploader } from "@irys/upload";
import { LineaEth } from "@irys/upload-ethereum";
```

### Connect to Irys

#### On the server

When connecting to Irys on the server, provide a private key linked to a wallet funded with `linea-eth`. This wallet will be used to pay for uploads and to sign transactions.

> Using ETH on Linea

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using ETH on Linea:
```

```ts
const getIrysUploader = async () => {
  const irysUploader = await Uploader(LineaEth).withWallet(process.env.PRIVATE_KEY);
  return irysUploader;
};
```

> or the Irys devnet using ETH Sepolia on Linea

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or use the Irys devnet with Linea Sepolia ETH:
```
